---
layout: post
author: HM
---

I was wondering what ```<csrf disabled="true" />``` meant so I found [this](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/52363487/what-is-the-reason-to-disable-csrf-in-spring-boot-web-application).

> What is the real-life reason to disable it?

The Spring documentation suggests:

Our recommendation is to use CSRF protection for any request that could be processed by a browser by normal users. If you are only creating a service that is used by non-browser clients, you will likely want to disable CSRF protection.

>Does it improve performance?

It shouldn't impact the performance. A filter (or another component) will be removed from the request processing chain to make the feature unavailable.

> What is the reason to disable csrf in a Spring Boot application?

1. You are using another token mechanism.
2. You want to simplify interactions between a client and the server.

---

__Cross-Site Request Forgery (CRSF)__

You log in to the bank on one tab and happen to be at a malicious website on another tab. The malicious website happens to have an image with a request embedded in it to transfer money to his own account. You accidentally click on that image. The bank thinks it's you sending it because the request indeed is coming from you. 

A request from you looks like this:
>GET http:/bank.com/transfer.do?acct=legitisme&amount=$100

while the requst from attack looks like this:
>GET http:/bank.com/transfer.do?acct=Badguy&amount=$100 

---

__CSRF Token__

In simple terms: 
1. Server sends the client a token.
2. Client submits a form with the token.
3. The server rejects the request if the token is invalid.

(Is it actually just any form of token for authorization?)

[Thus, if your site does not support CORS, then there's no way for the attacker to get the CSRF token, eliminating the threat.](https://github.com/pillarjs/understanding-csrf)

---

__Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS)__

set this from Access-Control-Allow-Origin header 
>Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *


